and the lizard, thank you very much
we found here in the pedestrian mx 5 of
may good the most beautiful of all the street
is the contact with reality the power
listen to the people of Cordoba who
happens and be in each one of those of
homes that does not seem to me to be the most
cute to be on the street is a descent
of reality in telling you stuff
that happen past the mobile or my career
journalistic with the good lizard not
ago not so much last year I have
the possibility is the first channel of
broadcast live from the patrol wake
aerial from the police helicopter
from Córdoba province good was a
experience first the first time
I saw the helicopter go up and second the
first live broadcast this of
Helicopter sweep in the province
agreed so that was really very
Then they go through a lot of things
everyday the important thing to know that one
he does what he can for the people
thanks guys, if we keep playing
least worse of these seven participants
and anecdotes on the mobile a lot because
a lot of people go by every day to me
a lot of characters have fun
we take them out to the air and can
share the audience the guys who are going
the mobile always surprise and one of the
anecdotes that I had left over from this
time in beni tomorrow that was
little is that every day we take
many people asked him some
daily slogan that we have in the
program and one day it happened to me that we ended up
just beni tomorrow and I was
taking out the return leaving the microphone
and video like six policemen looking for me
but what happened that I was discovered was not
that one of the notes I had made in
the morning was a person who was
searched for by 'homicide then what
they saw on the TV that was there by the
center then well the police
ask me what time had the
note that said and others and plane
We the best thing that can happen to us
like movileros is having that contact with
the people and one of the great
experiences that we have is that people
he approaches and asks us to help him
and as a medium I think it's one of the
greater satisfactions we have
some good anecdote in the summer if you
you see and I can tell you why it makes a pec
a month ago that started this this
program and good for fools that
we made the mobiles from carlos paz no
can you imagine the heat that
we passed with the artist presented to the
side and we tell you we are going and
that is good or that the link was cut
or what good always live things
It has some brands